Provide System.IO.Hashing package readme (#93567)
dotnet/runtime: src/libraries/System.IO.Hashing/src/PACKAGE.md

<!-- A description of the package and where one can find more documentation -->

System.IO.Hashing offers a variety of hash code algorithms.

> Hash code algorithms are pivotal for generating unique values for objects based on their content, facilitating object comparisons, and detecting content alterations.

Reviewer: Is it worth putting "these hash functions should not be used for security - e.g. passwords or verifying untrusted content" and linking to the System.Security.Cryptography much higher up?

Author: Great suggestion, will add that

// XxHash3 Hash: 98-8B-7B-90-33-AC-46-22

var xxHash32Value = XxHash32.Hash(data);
Console.WriteLine($"XxHash32 Hash: {BitConverter.ToString(xxHash32Value)}");
// XxHash32 Hash: FE-96-D1-9C

var xxHash64Value = XxHash64.Hash(data);
Console.WriteLine($"XxHash64 Hash: {BitConverter.ToString(xxHash64Value)}");
// XxHash64 Hash: 54-26-20-E3-A2-A9-2E-D1

var xxHash128Value = XxHash128.Hash(data);
Console.WriteLine($"XxHash128 Hash: {BitConverter.ToString(xxHash128Value)}");
// XxHash128 Hash: 49-A0-48-99-59-7A-35-67-53-76-53-A0-D9-95-5B-86
```

## Main Types

<!-- The main types provided in this library -->

The main types provided by this library are:

* `Crc32`
* `Crc64`
* `XxHash3`
* `XxHash32`
* `XxHash64`
* `XxHash128`

## Additional Documentation

<!-- Links to further documentation. Remove conceptual documentation if not available for the library. -->

* [xxHash - Extremely fast hash algorithm](https://github.com/Cyan4973/xxHash/blob/release/doc/xxhash_spec.md)
* [API documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.io.hashing)

## Related Packages

<!-- The related packages associated with this package -->

> Cryptographic services, including secure encoding and decoding of data: [System.Security.Cryptography](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.security.cryptography)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cryptographic services, including secure encryption and decryption of data: [System.Security.Cryptography](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.security.cryptography)
```

<!-- A description of the package and where one can find more documentation -->

System.IO.Hashing offers a variety of hash code algorithms.

Hash code algorithms are pivotal for generating unique values for objects based on their content, facilitating object comparisons, and detecting content alterations.
The namespace encompasses algorithms like CRC-32, CRC-64, xxHash3, xxHash32, xxHash64, and xxHash128, all engineered for swift and efficient hash code generation, with xxHash being an "Extremely fast hash algorithm".

**Warning**: The hash functions provided by System.IO.Hashing are not suitable for security purposes such as handling passwords or verifying untrusted content.
For such security-critical applications, consider using cryptographic hash functions provided by the [System.Security.Cryptography](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.security.cryptography) namespace.

## Key Features

<!-- The key features of this package -->

* Variety of hash code algorithms including CRC-32, CRC-64, xxHash3, xxHash32, xxHash64, and xxHash128.

> * Implementations of CRC-32 and CRC-64 algorithms, as used in ITU-T V.42, IEEE 802.3, and described in ECMA-182, Annex B respectively.

Reviewer 2: A two-item list is compared to a three-item list respectively.

Perhaps two and two?

```suggestion
* Implementations of CRC-32 and CRC-64 algorithms, as used in IEEE 802.3, and described in ECMA-182, Annex B respectively.
```

// CRC-64 Hash: 58-8D-5A-D4-2A-70-1D-B2

var xxHash3Value = XxHash3.Hash(data);
Console.WriteLine($"XxHash3 Hash: {BitConverter.ToString(xxHash3Value)}");
// XxHash3 Hash: 98-8B-7B-90-33-AC-46-22

var xxHash32Value = XxHash32.Hash(data);
Console.WriteLine($"XxHash32 Hash: {BitConverter.ToString(xxHash32Value)}");
// XxHash32 Hash: FE-96-D1-9C

var xxHash64Value = XxHash64.Hash(data);
Console.WriteLine($"XxHash64 Hash: {BitConverter.ToString(xxHash64Value)}");
// XxHash64 Hash: 54-26-20-E3-A2-A9-2E-D1

var xxHash128Value = XxHash128.Hash(data);
Console.WriteLine($"XxHash128 Hash: {BitConverter.ToString(xxHash128Value)}");
// XxHash128 Hash: 49-A0-48-99-59-7A-35-67-53-76-53-A0-D9-95-5B-86
```

## Main Types

<!-- The main types provided in this library -->

The main types provided by this library are:

* `Crc32`
* `Crc64`
* `XxHash3`
* `XxHash32`
* `XxHash64`
* `XxHash128`

## Additional Documentation

<!-- Links to further documentation. Remove conceptual documentation if not available for the library. -->

* [xxHash - Extremely fast hash algorithm](https://github.com/Cyan4973/xxHash/blob/release/doc/xxhash_spec.md)

> * [API documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.io.hashing)

Reviewer 2: I'd flip these, API docs before docs talking about one of the hash families in the package.
